Problem:

UV radiation breaks down asphalt and weakens it, so it can no longer hold the rocks and sand together, gradually damaging the top coat. 
The asphalt then begins to look rough and potholes emerge in low areas of the parking lot. 
The asphalt, oxidizing under the UV radiation,loses its flexibility and becomes brittle. 
It then begins to crack and break. These cracks allow water and grass to further destroy the asphalt and the base below.

Another major factor in the deterioration of asphalt is the damage caused by man-made elements such as fuel, salts, antifreeze, and oil that break down 
the oils and cohesive properties in the asphalt. These elements will dissolve into the asphalt causing it to soften and weaken. 
This can be seen in oil spots and gas spills.



Solution:

Sealcoat or pavement sealer is a coating for asphalt-based pavements. Sealcoating is a protective coating that extends the life of asphalt pavements, 
as well as provide an aesthetically pleasing appearance.
Sealcoating also reduce the friction or anti-skid properties associated with the exposed aggregates in asphalt. 
It also offers protection against water penetration, environmental chemical and harsher climates.
A regularly scheduled sealcoating program will more than double the life of the asphalt, saving you significant dollars down the line. 
For pennies per square foot, sealcoating your asphalt can protect your investment and prevent costly repairs.
Instead of having to pay thousands of dollars for new pavement, it is more cost effective to spend only pennies on the dollar per square foot to maintain.



Application methods:

Prior to application the surface must be completely clean and dry using sweeping methods and/or blowers. If the surface is not clean and dry, 
then poor adhesion will result. Pavement sealers are applied with either pressurized spray equipment, or self-propelled squeegee machines or by 
hand with a squeegee. Equipment must have continuous agitation to maintain consistency of the sealcoat mix. The process is typically a two-coat 
application which requires 24 to 48 hours of curing before vehicles can be allowed back on the surface. Once the surface is properly prepared, 
then properly mixed sealer will be applied at about 60 square feet per gallon per coat.



Why choose us:

Our crew of sealcoating experts will develop a long-term plan of action for your asphalt driveway.  
In combination with the top of the line materials, we can protect your asphalt for many years.

We know how important your driveway is to the safety of you, your family, and your car. 
That is why we only exhibit first-class customer service, craftsmanship, and attention to detail.  
If you are looking to protect your asphalt driveway for years to come, contact us for a free quote!!!
